By now, you are familiar
with the dimensions
of the vectors and
matrices used in
the neural network for
the continuous bag of
words model when feeding
in a single example.
Instead of passing inputs vectors
representing individual examples,
you may want to pass in
several examples at a time.
This usually makes
the learning process
quicker for a few reasons.
For brevity, I won't get
into them right now.
Feeding several examples
into the neural nets at
the same time is known
as a batch processing.
You're going to be doing it
yourself in this
week's assignments.
Say that you want to
feed m inputs context
word vectors into
the neural network
during each iteration.
M is called the batch size.
It's a hyperparameter for
the model that you
define at training time,
you can join these m column
vectors side-by-side to
form a matrix with v
rows and m columns,
which I'll note as capital X.
You can then pass this
matrix through the network,
and you will get capital H,
the matrix representing
the m values
of the hidden layer equals ReLU,
the weights matrix Z_1,
where Z_1 is W_1
times X plus B_1.
It's an n rows by
m columns matrix.
Note that you need to
replace the original B_1 by
its vector with a
bias matrix, B_1,
where you duplicates
the column vector m
times to have an m by n matrix,
so that the bias terms are
added to each of
the weighted sums,
just has a tip;when you're
working on the assignment,
this is known as broadcasting
the vector to a matrix,
and it's performed automatically
by NumPy when adding
a matrix to a column vector
with the same number of rows.
Next, capital Y hat,
the matrix containing
the m outputs.
It is equal to the softmax
of w times h plus b_2.
Again, you're replicating
the bias vector
lowercase b_2 m times to get
the bias matrix capital b_2.
Y hat has v rows and m columns.
You can break y-hat down
into m column vectors,
each one corresponding to
one of the input contexts,
word vectors from
the inputs matrix.
The vector from the
first column of
the inputs matrix
is transformed into
the vector corresponding to
the first column of
the outputs matrix,
and similarly for the
other m minus one vectors.
Next, I'll introduce the
activation functions
used by the continuous
bag of words model.
You're getting closer to
a working model.
I'll see you soon.